in the Russian market BMW x6 so far
presented with only three engines
this is a diesel power of 249 horsepower and
volume of 3 liters
acceleration to hundreds of 6.7 seconds
with such a motor the car was on
test drive modification called
x-drive 30d
and and the initial price is 3 million seven hundred
forty one thousand rubles one more
3 liters diesel engine too
Installed on the model m50d
its power is already 381 horsepower
Acceleration to hundreds of 5.2 seconds as
for April 2015 the price of this
modifications 4 million eight hundred
seventy five thousand rubles and bye
x-drive single gasoline version
50th develops 450 horsepower
forces under the hood engine capacity of 4 4 liters
Acceleration to one hundred 4.8 seconds
The base price of this modification is 4 million.
four hundred forty eight thousand rubles
all models have all-wheel drive only
eight - speed sports transmission
automatic tiptronic with steering column
switches at the time of exit model
on the Russian market it was reported that
the motor scale will be replenished with two more
engines capacity of 306 and 313
horsepower but no information yet
about this no